Ah, that's enough.
It's really sweet and delicious
This bastard
Disgusting
Now you can agree to my request, right?
Don't worry.
I've always been a man of my word.
What I promise you will definitely count, but
I have to make a few requests. What else do you have?
You have a hot personality
I have a bad temper too, in order to avoid you angering me
I pat my butt and leave
So be polite to me in the future
Listen to what I have to say
So as not to make me angry
What? You want me to listen to you?
Are you dreaming?
Have you figured out your identity?
You are my bodyguard
I'm the boss.
No no no you got it wrong
Since you invited me back
That identity is different
You are the boss.
And I am the VIP
Do you understand?
It's all here.
That's easy to handle